Suppose you are a new member in a team which is working on a project. You would 
want the repository in your system so that you would be able to see and contribute to 
the code. What git command would you use to initialize the repository on your 
system ? 


git clone 


You are working on a feature and has written the code for it. How will you commit the 
unstaged code into the repository? Consider that there are nearly 30 files in the 
repository and you made changes in 4 of them. 

git add. git commit -m "commit message" 

Consider the same previous question but in this case you made changes in all the 30 
files. What would be the easy way to stage and commit the files in as minimum 
commands as possible? 

git add and git commit -m "commit message" 
· 
Your colleague is working on the same project as you are. She is working on a 
feature in a branch named "feature-x" on her own repository with ssh/http as 
"colleague123.git" and wants you to continue on the same feature as she is 
unavailable for a week. How would you get all the code which she has written using 
git? 

git remote add origin collegue123.git 

Suppose you have finished working on some new pages in a project and want it 
reviewed from your team head. How would you push all your code and create a pull 
request to the team head? Consider your branch name as "gen-v1" and remote 
name as "origin" and the team head's branch name as "master" and remote name as 
"upstream". 

git add. 
git commit -m 
git push -u origin gen-v1 

You are working on a requirement and has not committed any changes. Suddenly 
you receive a higher priority task and you have to work on it immediately. You don't 
want to lose all your progress on the previous requirement. Which git command will 
you use to keep things in order and work out the situation smoothly? 

git stash 

You are a new member on a project and want to see the commit history in the 
project. Which git command is required in this scenario? 

git log 

You like working with git stashes and now there are so many stash piled up. You 
want to clear all of them. Which git command suits your situation? 

git stash clear 

You added a feature and has also committed it. But it is no longer required and you 
want to move to the previous commit. Which git command is required here? 
Consider the previous commit hash as "abc123". 

git revert abc123 

Kelly has two branches in his repository named "branch-1" and "branch-2". He wants 
you to work on his project on a new branch and after you are done you have to 
create a pull request to Kelly in "branch-1". Write the suitable git commands required 
here. 


git clone <repository_url> 
git checkout -b--- .-1 
git push origin new-branch 

Ilgo to browser and make an pull request 
Which git command is equivalent to fetch and merge? 

git pull 

Consider the project on which you are working on has different branches. Which 
command will you use for switching between them? 


git checkout 


You and your colleague are working on the same project. How would you establish a 
connection between the local and remote repository? Write the suitable command 
used for this. 


git remote add origin <repo> 


What git command you will use if you want to identify all the remote repositories to 
which you are connected? 


git remote 


Your project consist of some sensitive information which you don't want to push into 
your repository. Name the file which can be configured to ensure that certain files are 
never committed to the local Git repository 


.gitignore 


Your colleague have created many git stashes and he wants your help to see the list 
of all stored stashes. Which git command you will use to help him? 


git stash list 


Suppose you are in "branch-1" and you have a useful commit in "branch-2" with 
commit hash as "123abc". You want this commit in your "branch-1" rather than 
pulling all the code from there. Write down the required command(s) in this case. 


git chery-pick 123abc 
